do you wake from your finest fantasy
only to return to your daily nightmare
is your mother about to look younger
than you do there's the woman of your
dreams I love you in my dreams I love
you still have a few doubts then it's
time to take a stand to break out of
your dog
in danger Brazil so pleased you will
make it right this way
it's about flights of fantasy and the
nightmare of reality we're all in this
together
terrorist bombing I don't get involved
on the unsavoury egg trust me Jack and
late-night shopping
true love you don't trust me trust you
trust you little hijacks my truck loses
me my job does every security man in
town with me hundred Hertz my trucks
typical don't try to help and create it
plumbing there's a problem he face it no
I can't from terry gilliam director of
Time Bandits Jonathan Pryce Sam
what are we going to do with him Robert
De Niro I came into this game for the
action the excitement going lean travel
light get in get out wherever this
trouble a man alone Katherine Houghton
and Michael Palin we've always been
close happily yes jack until this all
blows over
just stay with Brazil it's only a state
of mind we're all in it together kid
you